Add information on Tools to glossary (#238)
pharo-open-documentation/pharo-wiki: General/Glossary.md

In Pharo, you can use the keyword `thisContext` to interact with the current context of your code. It will return the `Context` object at the moment of the execution. This object is different at each method call.

## Debugger

> The *Debugger* is a tool opened by the system when it encounters a bug. This tool allows the developer to interact with the execution [context](#context) that raised the error and its previous contexts. It let the users inspect the objects present in this context and update the code to fix the bug using the execution informations as a help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Debugger* is a tool opened by the system when an exception is raised and never get caught. This tool allows the developer to interact with the execution [context](#context) that raised the error and its previous contexts. It let the users inspect the objects present in this context and update the code to fix the bug using the execution informations as a help.
```

For a given selector in the system, implementors are classes that have a method with this selector (they implement the selector). For example the implementors of the method `#banana` are all the classes containing a method named `#banana`.

## Inspector

> The *Inspector* is a Pharo tool which allows one to inspect objects, see their current state, interact with them and display specific informations depending on the Object. It offers multiple views and it uses a finder as a navigation. One particular feature is that you can use the evaluator tab to enter code, and evaluating it results in opening another pane to the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Inspector* is a Pharo tool which allows one to inspect objects, see their current state, interact with them and display specific informations depending on the object. It offers multiple views and it uses a finder as a navigation. One particular feature is that you can use the evaluator tab to enter code, and evaluating it results in opening another pane to the right.
```
